my experience with Elliot:
my experience is that I can set up a meeting with my friends at a mutually available time easily
I really like that fact that Elliot can help me figure out when without much overhead


new feature: 
allow meeting initializer to choose a location to meet up
machine learning: 
make suggestions by learning from users' choice of tags & restaurants AND PHOTO STREAM
(eg. many people take pictures of their food. if they have a lot of photos of sushi, one can conclude they probably like sushi)
1. user initialize an event
2. choose a place (can be skipped)
3. send invite to friend
4. the other user confirm or decline

reason:
it is very intuitive for people to ask "where" once they set up a meeting
it will be nice for Elliot to facilitate that
without this feature, users will have to contact each other through other means
back & forth, which defeats the purpose of Elliot


implementation (basic):
1. use Yelp API to obtain local facilities based on the event 
(eg, lunch -> find restaurants; coffee -> coffee shop)
2. filter internally based on if the facility is open during the meeting time
3. present the options to user
4. user can filter them using
price, style(Chinese food, French food, etc.), hot&new
5. send invite to the other user

machine learning integration:
after implementing the basic feature, integrate machine learning to optimize the experience
based on users' choice of tag/ restaurants, improve the suggestion 
1. classify the tags & learn from user what tags are frequently set 
based on the data, default set those tags for initial recommandation
eg. if user tags Chinese food a lot, set Chinese food tag as default

2. classify the restaurants
put the restaurants that are chosen by user often at the top

3. photo stream to find preference
obtain user permission to access user photo streams
many people takes pictures of their food
based on the food in the photo stream, learn about user's preference
take into consideration of that when making suggestions


feature acceptance criteria:
1. choices show up after setting time
2. choosing places can be skipped
3. places are filtered so all the options are within 10km range & open during meeting time
4. tags filter available for user to choose
5. machine learning: suggestions are made based on user's frequently set tags & frequently chosen places & photes


business benefit: 
with places suggestions, can have sponsored recommendations
